Intercontinental Exchange - New York Stock Exchange to Honor President George H. W. Bush ruleDate) { $j(".pr-headline").css("display", "block"); } Moment of Silence on Monday, December 3, 2018 NYSE Group Markets to close for Day of Mourning on Wednesday, December 5, 2018 On Monday, December 3, 2018, the NYSE will observe a one-minute moment of silence at 9:20 a.m. Eastern Time (ET) in honor of President George H.W. Bush. A single strike of the NY" property="og:description" /> ruleDate) { $j(".pr-headline").css("display", "block"); } Moment of Silence on Monday, December 3, 2018 NYSE Group Markets to close for Day of Mourning on Wednesday, December 5, 2018 On Monday, December 3, 2018, the NYSE will observe a one-minute moment of silence at 9:20 a.m. Eastern Time (ET) in honor of President George H.W. Bush. A single strike of the NY" /> Skip to main content ICE NYSE WebICE Login Press Press Releases News Features & Awards Events & Presentations Financials Quarterly Results Annual Reports & Proxy SEC Filings Governance Executive Management Team Board of Directors & Committee Composition Governance Overview Investor Resources Supplemental Information Featured Podcasts Stock Information Corporate Actions Investor FAQs Investor Email Alerts Investor Contacts Corporate Citizenship Menu Press Press Releases News Features & Awards Events & Presentations Financials Quarterly Results Annual Reports & Proxy 2019 Letter to Shareholders 2020 Letter to Shareholders 2021 Letter to Shareholders 2022 Letter to Shareholders 2023 Letter to Shareholders SEC Filings Governance Executive Management Team Board of Directors & Committee Composition Governance Overview Governance & Charter Documents Contact the Board Advocacy & Collaboration Investor Resources Supplemental Information Featured Podcasts Stock Information Corporate Actions Investor FAQs Investor Email Alerts Investor Contacts Corporate Citizenship View all news New York Stock Exchange to Honor President George H. W. Bush Dec 01, 2018 Download PDF PDF Format (opens in new window) PDF 77 KB New York Stock Exchange to Honor President George H. W. Bush Moment of Silence on Monday, December 3, 2018 NYSE Group Markets to close for Day of Mourning on Wednesday, December 5, 2018 NEW YORK --(BUSINESS WIRE)-- On Monday, December 3, 2018, the NYSE will observe a one-minute moment of silence at 9:20 a.m. Eastern Time (ET) in honor of President George H.W. Bush. A single strike of the NYSE Bell at 9.20 a.m. ET will indicate the start of the minute of silence. The New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American, NYSE National, NYSE Arca, and the Chicago Stock Exchange, part of the Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE:ICE) global network of exchanges, will be closed on Wednesday, December 5, 2018 in observance of the National Day of Mourning for President George H. W. Bush. "We remember President Bush admiringly as a veteran who fought totalitarianism, a statesman who advocated for freedom, a leader who served his country, and an unabashedly dedicated family man," said Stacey Cunningham, NYSE Group President. “He will be remembered for his decades of service to the nation and the world, and it is appropriate that the New York Stock Exchange closes on Wednesday, the National Day of Mourning, to honor President Bush’s enduring legacy.” The Flag of the United States displayed above the New York Stock Exchange will fly at half-staff in honor of President Bush throughout the prescribed mourning period. About NYSE Group NYSE Group is a subsidiary of Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE:ICE), a leading operator of global exchanges and clearing houses, and a provider of data and listings services. NYSE Group’s equity exchanges -- the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American, NYSE Arca, NYSE National, and the Chicago Stock Exchange-- trade more U.S. equity volume than any other exchange group. The NYSE is the premier global venue for capital raising, leading worldwide in IPOs, including technology IPOs. NYSE Arca Options and NYSE Amex Options are leading equity options exchanges. To learn more, visit www.nyse.com/index . About Intercontinental Exchange Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE) is a Fortune 500 and Fortune Future 50 company formed in the year 2000 to modernize markets. ICE serves customers by operating the exchanges , clearing houses and information services they rely upon to invest, trade and manage risk across global financial and commodity markets. A leader in market data, ICE Data Services serves the information and connectivity needs across virtually all asset classes. As the parent company of the New York Stock Exchange , the company raises more capital than any other exchange in the world, driving economic growth and transforming markets. Trademarks of ICE and/or its affiliates include Intercontinental Exchange, ICE, ICE block design, NYSE and New York Stock Exchange. Information regarding additional trademarks and intellectual property rights of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. and/or its affiliates is located at http://www.intercontinentalexchange.com/terms-of-use . Key Information Documents for certain products covered by the EU Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Regulation can be accessed on the relevant exchange website under the heading “Key information Documents (KIDS)”. Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 -- Statement in this press release regarding ICE's business that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see ICE's Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, including, but not limited to, the risk factors in ICE's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, as filed with the SEC on February 7, 2018. SOURCE: Intercontinental Exchange ICE-CORP View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/<home-path-redacted>/20181201005020/en/ For NYSE Member Firm inquiries: Contact: Relationship Management Team Phone: 855-898-9012 Email: [email protected] NYSE Media Contact: Josh King Phone: 212.656.2490 Email: [email protected] Source: Intercontinental Exchange Moment of Silence on Monday, December 3, 2018 NYSE Group Markets to close for Day of Mourning on Wednesday, December 5, 2018 NEW YORK - -(BUSINESS WIRE)- - On Monday, December 3, 2018, the NYSE will observe a one-minute moment of silence at 9:20 a.m. Eastern Time (ET) in honor of President George H.W. Bush. A single strike of the NYSE Bell at 9.20 a.m. ET will indicate the start of the minute of silence. The New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American, NYSE National, NYSE Arca, and the Chicago Stock Exchange, part of the Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE:ICE) global network of exchanges, will be closed on Wednesday, December 5, 2018 in observance of the National Day of Mourning for President George H. W. Bush. "We remember President Bush admiringly as a veteran who fought totalitarianism, a statesman who advocated for freedom, a leader who served his country, and an unabashedly dedicated family man," said Stacey Cunningham, NYSE Group President. “He will be remembered for his decades of service to the nation and the world, and it is appropriate that the New York Stock Exchange closes on Wednesday, the National Day of Mourning, to honor President Bush’s enduring legacy.” The Flag of the United States displayed above the New York Stock Exchange will fly at half-staff in honor of President Bush throughout the prescribed mourning period. About NYSE Group NYSE Group is a subsidiary of Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE:ICE), a leading operator of global exchanges and clearing houses, and a provider of data and listings services. NYSE Group’s equity exchanges - - the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American, NYSE Arca, NYSE National, and the Chicago Stock Exchange- - trade more U.S. equity volume than any other exchange group. The NYSE is the premier global venue for capital raising, leading worldwide in IPOs, including technology IPOs. NYSE Arca Options and NYSE Amex Options are leading equity options exchanges. To learn more, visit www.nyse.com/index . About Intercontinental Exchange Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE) is a Fortune 500 and Fortune Future 50 company formed in the year 2000 to modernize markets. ICE serves customers by operating the exchanges , clearing houses and information services they rely upon to invest, trade and manage risk across global financial and commodity markets. A leader in market data, ICE Data Services serves the information and connectivity needs across virtually all asset classes. As the parent company of the New York Stock Exchange , the company raises more capital than any other exchange in the world, driving economic growth and transforming markets. Trademarks of ICE and/or its affiliates include Intercontinental Exchange, ICE, ICE block design, NYSE and New York Stock Exchange. Information regarding additional trademarks and intellectual property rights of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. and/or its affiliates is located at http://www.intercontinentalexchange.com/terms-of-use . Key Information Documents for certain products covered by the EU Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Regulation can be accessed on the relevant exchange website under the heading “Key information Documents (KIDS)”. Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 - - Statement in this press release regarding ICE's business that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see ICE's Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, including, but not limited to, the risk factors in ICE's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, as filed with the SEC on February 7, 2018. SOURCE: Intercontinental Exchange ICE-CORP View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/<home-path-redacted>/20181201005020/en/ For NYSE Member Firm inquiries: Contact: Relationship Management Team Phone: 855-898-9012 Email: rmteam@nyse.com NYSE Media Contact: Josh King Phone: 212.656.2490 Email: Josh.King@theice.com Source: Intercontinental Exchange --> Multimedia Files: View all news Investor Alerts To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time. At Intercontinental Exchange, we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance. By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to Intercontinental Exchange to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates. * Required Email Address * Mailing Lists * Press Releases Events and Presentations SEC Filings Featured Podcasts Corporate Releases Exchanges Releases Fixed Income and Data Services Releases Mortgage Technology Releases NYSE Releases NYSE Regulation Releases All Releases Enter the code shown above. * Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation © Copyright Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Security Cookies Supported Browsers Data Protection Registered Investment Adviser Notice Cookie Preferences Powered By Q4 Inc. 5.143.9.1 (opens in new window)
