Intercontinental Exchange - The New York Stock Exchange Will Close Markets on January 9 to Honor the Passing of Former President Jimmy Carter on National Day of Mourning Skip to main content ICE NYSE WebICE Login Press Press Releases News Features & Awards Events & Presentations Financials Quarterly Results Annual Reports & Proxy SEC Filings Governance Executive Management Team Board of Directors & Committee Composition Governance Overview Investor Resources Supplemental Information Featured Podcasts Stock Information Corporate Actions Investor FAQs Investor Email Alerts Investor Contacts Corporate Citizenship Menu Press Press Releases News Features & Awards Events & Presentations Financials Quarterly Results Annual Reports & Proxy 2019 Letter to Shareholders 2020 Letter to Shareholders 2021 Letter to Shareholders 2022 Letter to Shareholders 2023 Letter to Shareholders SEC Filings Governance Executive Management Team Board of Directors & Committee Composition Governance Overview Governance & Charter Documents Contact the Board Advocacy & Collaboration Investor Resources Supplemental Information Featured Podcasts Stock Information Corporate Actions Investor FAQs Investor Email Alerts Investor Contacts Corporate Citizenship View all news The New York Stock Exchange Will Close Markets on January 9 to Honor the Passing of Former President Jimmy Carter on National Day of Mourning Dec 30, 2024 Download PDF PDF Format (opens in new window) PDF NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- The New York Stock Exchange, part of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (NYSE: ICE), a leading global provider of technology and data, announced today that it will close all NYSE Group equity and options markets on Thursday, January 9, 2025, in observance of the National Day of Mourning in recognition of the passing of former President Jimmy Carter. President Carter, the 39 th President of the United States, served from 1977 to 1981. He was also a graduate of the United States Naval Academy, a Navy veteran, served as the 76 th Governor of Georgia, and founded the Carter Center, where he served for decades after his presidency advocating for democracy, public health and human rights. He passed away on Sunday, December 29, 2024, at the age of 100. The NYSE Group markets that will close in observance of the National Day of Mourning for President Carter are the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American Equities, NYSE American Options, NYSE Arca Equities, NYSE Arca Options, NYSE Chicago and NYSE National. “Jimmy Carter, with humble roots as a farmer and family man, devoted his life to public service and defending our freedom,” said Lynn Martin, President of NYSE Group. “During his noteworthy post-presidential life, President Carter left an enduring legacy of humanitarianism. The NYSE will respectfully honor President Carter’s lifetime of service to our nation by closing our markets on the National Day of Mourning.” The flag of the United States displayed above the NYSE will fly at half-staff in honor of President Carter throughout the mourning period. About Intercontinental Exchange Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (NYSE: ICE) is a Fortune 500 company that designs, builds and operates digital networks that connect people to opportunity. We provide financial technology and data services across major asset classes helping our customers access mission-critical workflow tools that increase transparency and efficiency. ICE’s futures, equity, and options exchanges – including the New York Stock Exchange – and clearing houses help people invest, raise capital and manage risk. We offer some of the world’s largest markets to trade and clear energy and environmental products. Our fixed income, data services and execution capabilities provide information, analytics and platforms that help our customers streamline processes and capitalize on opportunities. At ICE Mortgage Technology , we are transforming U.S. housing finance, from initial consumer engagement through loan production, closing, registration and the long-term servicing relationship. Together, ICE transforms, streamlines and automates industries to connect our customers to opportunity. Trademarks of ICE and/or its affiliates include Intercontinental Exchange, ICE, ICE block design, NYSE and New York Stock Exchange. Information regarding additional trademarks and intellectual property rights of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. and/or its affiliates is located here . Key Information Documents for certain products covered by the EU Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Regulation can be accessed on the relevant exchange website under the heading “Key Information Documents (KIDS).” Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 – Statements in this press release regarding ICE's business that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see ICE's Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, including, but not limited to, the risk factors in ICE's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on February 8, 2024. Category: NYSE NYSE Media Contact: Farrell Kramer [email protected] (212) 656-2476 ICE Investor Contact: Katia Gonzalez [email protected] (678) 981-3882 For NYSE Member Firm inquiries: Contact: Relationship Management Team Phone: 855-898-9012 Email: [email protected] Source: Intercontinental Exchange Multimedia Files: View all news Investor Alerts To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time. At Intercontinental Exchange, we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance. By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to Intercontinental Exchange to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates. * Required Email Address * Mailing Lists * Press Releases Events and Presentations SEC Filings Featured Podcasts Corporate Releases Exchanges Releases Fixed Income and Data Services Releases Mortgage Technology Releases NYSE Releases NYSE Regulation Releases All Releases Enter the code shown above. * Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation © Copyright Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Security Cookies Supported Browsers Data Protection Registered Investment Adviser Notice Cookie Preferences Powered By Q4 Inc. 5.143.9.1 (opens in new window)
