 
 
Last Update: March 4, 2013 
EXHIBIT B 
 
 
 
 
AGREEMENT FOR 
 
MARKET DATA DISPLAY SERVICES 
 
(Usage-Based Services/Nonprofessional Subscriber Status) 
 
(Electronic Version) 
 
 
_______________________________[NAME OF VENDOR/BROKER DEALER] ("Vendor") 
agrees to make "Market Data" available to y ou pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in 
this agreement. By executing this Agreement in the space indicated below, you ("Subscriber") 
agree to comply with those terms and conditions. Section 1 sets forth terms and conditions of 
general applicability. Section 2 applies insofar as Subscriber receives and uses Market Data made 
available pursuant to this Agreement as a Nonprofessional Subscriber. 
 
 
 
SECTION 1: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF GENERAL APPLICABILITY 
 
1. MARKET DATA DEFINITION – For all purposes of this Agreement, "Market 
Data" means (a) last sale information and quotation information relating to securities that are 
admitted to dealings on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"), (b) such bond and other equity 
last sale and quotation information, a nd such index and other market information, as United 
States-registered national securities exchanges and national securities associations (each, an 
"Authorizing SRO") may make available and as the NYSE may from time to time designate as 
"Market Data"; and (c) all information that derives from any such information. 
 
2. PROPRIETARY NATURE OF DATA – Subscriber understands and 
acknowledges that each Authorizing SRO and Other Data Disseminator has a proprietary interest 
in the Market Data that originates on or derives from it or its market(s). 
 
3. ENFORCEMENT – Subscriber understands and acknowledges that (a) the 
Authorizing SROs are third -party beneficiaries under this Agreement and (b) the Authorizing 
SROs or their authorized representative(s) may enforce this  Agreement, by legal proceedings or 
otherwise, against Subscriber or any person that obtains Market Data that is made available 
pursuant to this Agreement other than as this Agreement contemplates. Subscriber shall pay the 
reasonable attorney's fees that a ny Authorizing SRO incurs in enforcing this Agreement against 
Subscriber. 
 
4. DATA NOT GUARANTEED – Subscriber understands that no Authorizing 
SRO, no other entity whose information is made available over the Authorizing SROs' facilities 
(an "Other Data Di sseminator") and no information processor that assists any Authorizing SRO 
or Other Data Disseminator in making Market Data available (collectively, the "Disseminating 
 
 
Last Update: March 4, 2013 
Parties") guarantees the timeliness, sequence, accuracy or completeness of Market Data o r of 
other market information or messages disseminated by any Disseminating Party. Neither 
Subscriber nor any other person shall hold any Disseminating Party liable in any way for (a) any 
inaccuracy, error or delay in, or omission of, (i) any such data, in formation or message or (ii) the 
transmission or delivery of any such data, information or message, or (b) any loss or damage 
arising from or occasioned by (i) any such inaccuracy, error, delay or omission, (ii) non -
performance or (iii) interruption in any  such data, information or message, due either to any 
negligent act or omission by any Disseminating Party, to any "force majeure" (e.g., flood, 
extraordinary weather conditions, earthquake or other act of God, fire, war, insurrection, riot, 
labor dispute,  accident, action of government, communications or power failure, equipment or 
software malfunction) or to any other cause beyond the reasonable control of any Disseminating 
Party. 
 
5. PERMITTED USE – Subscriber shall not furnish Market Data to any other 
person or entity.  If Subscriber receives Market Data other than as a Nonprofessional Subscriber, 
it shall use Market Data only for its individual use in its business. 
 
6. DISSEMINATION DISCONTINUANCE OR MODIFICATION – 
Subscriber understands and acknowledge s that, at any time, the Authorizing SROs may 
discontinue disseminating any category of Market Data, may change or eliminate any 
transmission method and may change transmission speeds or other signal characteristics. The 
Authorizing SROs shall not be liabl e for any resulting liability, loss or damages that may arise 
therefrom. 
 
 
7. DURATION; SURVIVAL – This Agreement remains in effect for so long as 
Subscriber has the ability to receive Market Data as contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, 
Vendor may terminate this Agreement at any time, whether at the direction of the Authorizing 
SROs or otherwise. Paragraphs 2, 3 and 4, and the first two sentences of Paragraph 8, survive any 
termination of this Agreement. 
 
 
8. MISCELLANEOUS – The laws of the State of  New York shall govern this 
Agreement and it shall be interpreted in accordance with those laws. This Agreement is subject to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the rules promulgated under that act, and the joint -industry 
plans entered into pursuant to t hat act. This writing contains the entire agreement between the 
parties in respect of its subject matter. Subscriber may not assign all or any part of this Agreement 
to any other person. The person executing this Agreement below represents and warrants tha t he 
or she has legal capacity to contract and, if that person is executing this Agreement on behalf of a 
proprietorship or a business, partnership or other organization, represents and warrants that he or 
she has actual authority to bind the organization. 
 
 
 
Last Update: March 4, 2013 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED:  I, the "Subscriber" to which the preceding terms 
and conditions refer, acknowledge that I have read the preceding terms and conditions of this 
Section 1, that I understand them and that I hereby manifest my assent to, and my agreement to 
comply with, those terms and conditions by "clicking" on the following box: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 2: NONPROFESSIONAL SUBSCRIBER 
 
9.            NONPROFESSIONAL SUBSCRIBER DEFINITION -"Nonprofessional 
Subscriber" means any natural person who receives mark et data solely for his/her personal, non -
business use and who is not a “Securities Professional.”   A “Securities Professional” includes an 
individual who, if working in the United States, is: 
 
(a) registered or qualified with the Securities and Exchange Commis sion (the 
"SEC"), the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, any state securities 
agency, any securities exchange or association, or any commodities or futures 
contract market or association. 
 
(b) engaged as an "investment advisor" as that term is defined in Section 202 (a) (11) 
of the Investment Advisor's Act of 1940 (whether or not registered or qualified 
under that Act), or  
 
(c) employed by a bank or other organization exempt from registration under Federal 
and/or state securities laws to perform functions tha t would require him or her to 
be so registered or qualified if he or she were to perform such functions for an 
organization not so exempt. 
 
A person who works outside of the United States will be considered a “Securities Professional” if 
he or she performs  the same functions as someone who would be considered a “Securities 
Professional” in the United States.   
 
Subscriber may not receive Market Data as a “Nonprofessional Subscriber” unless the vendor 
providing that data to Subscriber first determines that t he individual falls within Paragraph 9’s 
definition of “Nonprofessional Subscriber.”   
 
 
10. PERMITTED RECEIPT  - Subscriber may not receive Market Data from 
Vendor, and Vendor may not provide Market Data to Subscriber, on a “Nonprofessional 
Subscriber” bas is unless Vendor first properly determines that Subscriber qualifies as a 
“Nonprofessional Subscriber” as defined in Paragraph 9 and Subscriber in fact qualifies as a 
“Nonprofessional Subscriber.” 
 
 
 
Last Update: March 4, 2013 
 
11. PERMITTED USE – If Subscriber is a Nonprofessional Su bscriber, he or she 
shall receive Market Data solely for his or her personal, non-business use. 
 
 
 12. PERSONAL AND EMPLOYMENT DATA – As a prerequisite to qualifying 
as a "Nonprofessional Subscriber", Subscriber shall provide the following information: 
 
 
Subscriber's name and address: 
 
 
 
Subscriber's occupations (list all occupations – including homemaker, student, retiree, 
etc.): 
 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of Subscriber's employer(s): 
 
 
 
Subscriber's title(s) and/or position(s): 
 
 
 
Subscriber's employment functions (description): 
 
 
 
In order to facilitate a decision as to whether Subscriber qualifies as a "Nonprofessional 
Subscriber," Subscriber shall answer the following questions:  
 
A. Do you use Market Data solely for your personal, non-business use? 
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
B. Do you receive Market Data for your business or any other entity? 
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
C. Are you currently registered or qualified with the SEC or the CFTC?  
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
D. Are you currently registered or qualified with any securities agency, any securities exchange, 
association or regulatory body, or any commodities or futures contract market, association or 
regulatory body, in the United States or elsewhere? 
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Last Update: March 4, 2013 
E. Whether you are located within or outside of the United States, do you perform any functions 
that are similar to those that require an individual to register or qualify with the SEC, the 
CFTC, any other securities agency or regulatory body, any securities exchange or association, 
or any commodities or futures contract market, association or regulatory body? 
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
F. Are you engaged to provide investment advice to any individual or entity? 
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
G. Are you engaged as an asset manager?  
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
H. Do you use the capital of any other individual or entity in the conduct of your trading?  
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
I. Do you conduct trading for the benefit of a corporation, partnership, or other entity? 
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
J. Have you entered into any agreement to share the profit of your trading activities or receive 
compensation for your trading activities?  
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
K. Are you receiving office space, and equipment or other benefits in exchange for your trading 
or work as a financial consultant to any person, firm or business entity? 
☐Yes  ☐No   
 
Subscriber shall notify Vendor promptly in writing of any change in his or her circumstances that 
may cause him or her to cease to qualify as a Nonprofessional Subscriber or that may change his 
or her response to any of the preceding questions. 
 
 
13. CERTIFICATION – By executing this Agreement, Subscriber hereby certifies that he 
or she falls within Paragraph 9's definition of "Nonprofessional Subscriber" and that the personal 
and employment information that he or she has included in Paragraph 12 is truthful and accurate. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Last Update: March 4, 2013 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED:  I, the "Subscriber" to which the preceding terms 
and conditions refer, acknowledge that I have read the preceding terms and conditions of this 
Section 2, that I understand them and that I hereby manifest my assent to, and my agreement to 
comply with, those terms and conditions by "clicking" on the following box: 
 
 
 
 
 
 